
For both: adjust fuel requiring recipes...
-----------nordlings:-----------
adjust shield on wall collision boxes.
possibly re-try the wall hanging shield thing again.
-possibly invert tents position so people sleep to the outside? might be more cosey?
wooden fire wood holders like the ACE metal ones


------witcher to do/fix:-----------

-remove brewer talisman from herbalist

-shift tonics from herbalist to mage

-Altar of the elements to make the witcher medallions with (crafting table) braziers on both sides, stone altar., some candles on top.

-initiate and witcher helmets still WIP, recipes need to be done. especially metal and steel

-change initiate description to explain they do the trapping.

-in promotion tree it still says worker instead of acolyte?

-possibly for the mage, some way do do research? recipe that takes nothing and gives nothing at his table? see if there is a reading anim somewhere?

-change recipe requirements from mage items

-Hair: rivian ponytail?

-might want to put mages behind a questline eventually.???



-

need flavor text for:
pile_of_books
mage_workbench
pile_of_scrolls
potion_rack
alchemy_kit
alchemy_kit 2
crystal_ball
cat school armour basic, advanced and master
bear school armour basic, advanced and master
manticore school armour basic, advanced and master
bronze/steel/ sword witcher
dimeterium_ingot
bronze/iron/steel/silver/dimeterium plate (a component/ingredient)
paper

what vegatables do i want?
garlic!

possible hearths and shrines:
p3 ideas: legendary training equipment with regen.
special monster trophies.
armour stand with master grade armours
off duty stuff, like a big still to brew stronger stuff, special forge? special alchemical thing? special herb  thingy?
possibly missions, not need shrines





monsters:
succubus quest? take hearthling away...and sometimes bring them back(exhaussted but happy).
sometimes not(sucks for you, shouldnt have sent out a ling with a succubus :P).


also: find out how bruno did the goblin wiki?
----------------------------------
possible risky witcher transformation:

Dani, Master Yolomancervandaag om 20:41 7 sept 2020
Well, ACE can sort it out 
next version will come with a buff functionality that basically gives you the option to have a timer every X time try to apply an Y buff with a Z chance (from another buff)

so you could have a buff for the transformation process that once expired could apply a different buff (the full witcher benefits buff) ((base game functionality)

but then you have the ACE functionality have a X chance to apply the "failure" buff before the timer expires, that failure buff could "remove" the process buff and just be a permanently quick damage over time buff that will cause them to despair and die

----------------------------------

special issue witcher potions:

speaking of potions, are there also caryable potions that triggers on -enemy- parameters?
like only use if enemy has more than X health?
or only use if enemy has Y tag?
if not, id like to suggest those use cases
example would be a potion that would make you temporarilly immune to poison(against poisonous enemies), or potion of frenzy? that improves your dps temporarilly against big foes like trolls
something like that
Dani, Master Yolomancervandaag om 18:57
the current system doesn't support that, however the current system supports using a potion when you have a certain buff
so let me get you a tip going:

create invisible buffs that represent the different monsters/enemies that you want to trigger certain potions, and then make these enemies have 100% chance of applying that buff on attack
then make the potions be triggered by these buffs :wink:

